Document `force_union_syntax` and `force_uppercase_builtins` (#16048)
python/mypy: docs/source/config_file.rst

    Show absolute paths to files.

.. confval:: force_uppercase_builtins

    :type: boolean
    :default: False

>     Force to use ``List`` instead of ``list``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Always use ``List`` instead of ``list`` in error messages,
    even on Python 3.9+.
```

>     Force to use ``List`` instead of ``list`` .

Reviewer: Same comment as with `force_union_syntax` -- it looks like this option just impacts whether or not the messages mypy displays to the user use PEP-585 syntax. Also: the config option is `force_uppercase_builtins`, not `force_lowercase_builtins`

Author: Yes, this is just about messages. This is why I put these two in "Configuring error messages" category. Is there any better way to describe them?

Reviewer: > This is why I put these two in "Configuring error messages" category.

Ah, I didn't spot that, sorry!

> Is there any better way to describe them?

I think "in error messages" is a useful qualifier -- have made some suggestions in review comments 👍

.. confval:: force_union_syntax

    :type: boolean
    :default: False

>     Force to use ``Union[]`` type instead of ``|`` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Always use ``Union[]`` and ``Optional``
    instead of the ``|`` operator in error messages,
    even on Python 3.10+.
```
